SDK-2062. Process small feedback to our documentation (#1766)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scu/dev/spryker-ci.md

## CI pipeline

> Spryker CI is shipped with an Upgrader tool pipeline per project. During the pipeline, updates from Sprykes SCOS Release will be applied to your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spryker CI ships with an Upgrader tool pipeline per project. During the pipeline, updates from Spryker's SCOS Release will be applied to your repository.
```
